Earth - conservative
Mars - explorers (risk takers)
moon - mediators (balance, but dull)

The station+ was created for data research - having purely sterile conditions generates amazing
market data, and further technological development.  Major companies of the world pledged giant
funds to create the station+ - a scientific, cultural, playground high above earth - filled with
the brightest minds.

"5 year old Stephanie just finished calculus 1, is your child behind?"
"All of the world's elite were either up there, out there, or somewhere"

the first spacers (spacers->future ruling mooninites)

(the station (2089), moon (2120), and mars(2140))

mars was originally "the middle class planet"

The major investors had gained primary interest in the major world governments, and were residence the moon 
colony (along with the future ruling mooninites), however exploiting mars colony and other planets
was where all the money was was to be made.


The investing companies accrued huge profits through discoveries, grants, and government and private
contracts.  Though the majority of their profit was through undisclosed means.  Each and every occupant
of the three initial colonies was having their every move and action tracked and sold to the highest bidder for aiding in any number of different research. Further medical and scientific tests (genetic alterations, brain analysis, high risk conditions, untreated disease and illness for the purpose of study, the super rich could subscribe - know/watch every move, 
action - e-stalk, for a hefty price)


The invasion of human rights was exposed in 2185, and resulted in a major uprising from the people
of mars, the station, and the moon colony.  "Earth" resisted (controlled from the men on the moon, who
considered themsleves peacekeepers), resulting in the data rebellion (2186-2190).  In the end, 
the rebels were successful in several victories, exposing the atrocities of many of the mooninites.

As a result,many major earth governments fell (who were puppets to mooninites), and mars was put under their own governance (though the affair further sewed the seeds of distrust between the martians and the "corrupt" earthers)

In 2280, a wormhole was discovered on the edge of the SOL system, linking us to the rest of the galaxy.  

It fosterd trade, culture, and prosperity - for a time.  The old rivalries
began to surface between mars and the earthers as the newfound wealth of intergalactic possibilities opened up - many of the businesses of earth wanted to exploit the newfound riches of the universe, fostering corruption amongst the ruling body.

Mars, fearing the continued corruption of earth, and their 2nd fiddle role, promoted separation and actively refused any attempts to result in a trade agreement.

When major players for mars and earth, residing on the moon colony attempted to bring several alien cultures together for trade talks (2340), terrorist action caused the deaths of several leaders, each blaming the other.

The resulting earth-martian war (2342-2360), played out on the doorsteps of the SOL system and left much of humanity
defenseless, as the factions' attempts to control the wormhole through Alien aid resulted in
the death of billions, leaving them easy pickings for the less resputable alien cultures.


The government of earth was replaced with puppets, ruled by a shadow government of the Aliens.


Many of the mars colony (and saturn, or whatever other planets/colonies the explorers had populated since
2140) rebelled, and were enslaved, forced to mine in our asteroid belt for valuable minerals to be
shipped through the wormhole (aliens justified due to constant terrorist action by the martians).


After the extradition of the Earth government, and the irradication of the Mars populus, the alien races
began to divvy up the SOL system.  

The remaining leadership was quartered to the moon.  A hotbed of culture clash, political intrigue, and 
the last refuge of the ruling class of huminity.  Seeing the writing on the walls, the leaders
sent three colony ships through the wormhole, to ensure that the survival of the species, regardless of what
happended in the SOL system.  Each ship was filled with composition from different colonies.

Earth - looking for Earth2, cautious of alien species, resentfull of too much power
Mars - strong military power, resentful of alien species
Moon - low military power, diplomatic, open to alien species

Faced challenges....

2700 - Retake Earth?
message is found that the alien species want to destory the sun to harvest as an energy source.  save the world?

mars - kill em all
earth - retake what is ours
moon - establish a peace

How could these decisions effect gameplay?

all converge on earth at the same time - different routes
